Chat GPT just changed business forever
and now it's easier than ever to get
ahead of 99% of entrepreneurs with AI
because most people are still using
outdated prompts. I've spent the last 5
years inside the AI trenches launching
companies, building internal tools,
mastering prompts, and I can tell you
the top 1% business owners use AI in a
completely different way. So, I'm going
to show you the six Chad GPT hacks that
you can use to blow up your business
even if you're just starting off. So,
let's get into it. Number one, upgrade
to Chad GBT plus. Stop being cheapy
cheapy pants. Stop it. Spend the money.
Get on Chad GBT. Upgrade to Plus. It's
like a few dollars a month. It's worth
it. One seat will cost you less than a
lunch meeting with your team. If your
goal is to buy back your time, there's
no easier way. It is going to have
better features. It's going to be
faster. It's going to be integrated. And
you'll need the advanced features for
the rest of this video. So, don't sleep
on this. Just go pro. Now, here's the
deal. If your GPT doesn't respond in a
way that sounds like it knows who you
are, it's because you haven't properly
introduced yourself to it. Two, build
your role master prompt. To blow up your
business using Chad GBT, you have to
create what's called a master prompt for
every role in your business. Meaning, as
the CEO, you want to document everything
about who you are, the size of your
team, your revenue, your projects, your
customer type, your products, everything
so that you can give it to Chad GBT.
before you ask it anything. So, the
responses are 100% customized to you.
Here's [music] how we create this.
Number one, tell GBT to interview you to
build a master prompt. It knows what
that is. So, you literally say, "Inter
me to create a master prompt as the CEO
of my company." Boom. Send. Perfect.
It'll spit back all the questions. And
then what I like to do is I like to use
a voice mode and I'll just start
answering these questions. it'll
transcribe it and then it'll create the
master prompt for you. The last step is
you take the answer to your master
[music] prompt and you create it into a
canvas which allows you to edit straight
within the app. We'll touch on that
later. But once it's done, you save that
output as [music] a PDF on your
computer. And the coolest part is you
can use that for any AI model based on
one master prompt. Chad GBT can now
draft playbooks and SOPs on your behalf,
analyze financial information, and
suggest levers that you can pull to
improve the situation. stress test some
new product ideas or pricing decisions,
propose next hires, score candidates,
[music]
generate strategies based on the memos
that are aligned with your goals. It'll
basically know everything it needs as a
baseline starting point to give you very
actionable and personalized answers. In
business, to win, it comes down to
sequencing. Sequencing equals success.
If the answers aren't aligned with who
you are, then it can't properly
sequence. If you want access to my
internal AI operating system, I use this
in every area of my business. Thises is
what my team leads use to operate and
automate their departments. It includes
the master prompts for every role in the
business and all the prompts you can use
to implement AI into every one of your
departments. Just click the first link
in the description below or just scan
the QR code on the screen and I'll send
it right over. Now that you got GPT
knowing who you are, it's time to direct
it. Number three, create system prompts.
This is one of my favorite nerdy things
to do. [music] Why? I'm a programmer. If
you want to blow up your business using
Chad GBT, you got to create system
prompts for your departments. This is
the future of intellectual property.
People are going to pay a premium to buy
a company. Not because of like the
revenue, but also the internal prompts
that they've created to automate the
work. These are not normal chats. These
are very detailed, very structured
instructions telling the AI exactly what
we want it to do. The right system
prompts can be so powerful today.
[music] You see apps being built off of
AI engines just through English. How on
the back end, those app builders use
these system prompts to guide the AI to
create things. I mean, don't get
distracted, but if you want something
fun to do, just search on GitHub the AI
app builder repositories like make.com,
lovable, etc., and you will see the
actual code that they use to run [music]
those apps to generate the outputs,
which essentially is building apps. It's
not magic. It's a system. So, here's how
you can craft prompts for your business
yourself. And it's really easy. First,
we have to describe your desired output.
And the key is is to add the constraints
and what you're actually asking for. So,
if you're saying, "Hey, create me some
videos. Here's the tone. Here's the
structure. Here's what I want it to talk
about." Then, we build the output into a
canvas so that I can refine it. It's
like a Google doc, but it's actually
living inside of Chad GPT. That's where
I polish the output to make it really
sound or look or feel like something I'm
proud of. Then, you ask GPT to write a
detailed system prompt that would have
reliably generated that exact output.
Hit enter. Watch it give you the
language, which is essentially a prompt
that if you copy it and paste it into a
new chat window, it would have gave you
that specific output. And then just test
it. Have GPT run it in a new window and
see if the output is consistent. It'll
blow your mind. But just look at how it
guides the AI to format it, the
structure, how it uses the act as a roll
structure. These things are things I'm
going to talk about in a second, but
it's the instruction language of the AI
that allows you to guide it to actually
make it do exactly what you want it to
do. Then you just save that system
prompt as a PDF just like you did a
master prompt. So you can use it anytime
you want. It acts like a stencil. You
just keep using it anytime you want it
and it does the thing. Now, I want to
give you a pro tip for prompting because
what most people don't realize there's
like seven key words that if you use
it'll change the output of Chad GPT to
execute exactly as [music] you want it.
So, here's the framework. First one is
act as role. So, you set the expertise
or the voice. For example, you can say
act as a world-class copywriter. Next,
there's do a deep research. Just hit
forward slash and type deep research.
This tells the AI to do a deep search,
aggregate all the information, verify,
cross reference, and synthesize with any
citations what it's found. Next, there's
first principles. When you tell it to
use first principles to go do research,
it decomposes everything into the
fundamentals and actually teaches it how
to break the steps apart and then
rebuilds the answer based on truths. The
next one is devil's advocate. This is my
favorite because I think GPT for the
most part is way too nice. But you can
actually tell it to stress test your
assumptions, list risks about things,
failure modes, and give you a
counterargument by telling it to act
like a devil's advocate. Next is [music]
constraints first. Most people don't set
the constraints in regards to time,
budgets, timelines, the tools. But if
every reply is based on anything that's
possible, but I don't tell it to give it
the constraints first, [music]
then it's not going to be specific to my
situation. The next one is format as.
This is one I use almost 100% of the
time where I tell it to format the
return using a strict structure. I'm a
big fan of YAML, JSON if I'm doing code
stuff, PDF we just did. You can even
tell it to put it in a table or a
numbered bullet list. But when we
specify the format, it allows us to take
the information and use it in other
tools or just be able to copy and paste
it into an SMS to reply to somebody a
lot easier. Finally, verify and site.
Write these [music] in your prompt so
you can confirm that everything they're
telling you is a fact against a source
that can be verified and attaches an
inline reference. If you use these
instructions in your GPT prompts, you'll
get way better results. Now that you've
got a system for outputs, let's make
your context permanent. Number four, run
your company as projects. Projects,
projects, projects. Do you have any
projects going on right now? Cool. Are
you using the project folders? No. You
should see to really blow up your
business with Chad GBT, use projects to
save the context around what you're
working on for each department. I use it
for everything. I use it for investment
decisions. I use it for research. I use
it for projects. I put all the
information in there, the media, the
sales information, the reporting. I even
export email threads as a PDF document
and throw that in there so that it has
everything I need to be able to answer
questions on my behalf. For example, I
get updates from CEOs that have invested
in their company and oftent times
they're asking me to look at the
information. So, I put all of that
context in a project folder. Then I can
prompt it and say, "Act investor. Let me
know all the questions I should be
asking this CEO to protect my investment
and also add value to their world." And
it'll analyze everything. It'll say, "On
page 67, the gross margins went down
after you launched this new ad
campaign." That's amazing. and I just
tell it to write it in the tone of Dan
Martell cuz it knows who I am and it
writes the email reply saving me
literally hours. So, here's how you can
set up project folders for yourselves.
First off, on the left side of your chat
GBT, it literally says projects. Click
new projects and give it a name. So, for
example, new email campaign and you'll
have all of the creative, your brand
guidelines, your style guides,
everything, your tonality, your market
research, your ICPS. can upload all
those marketing documents and then you
could say based on this new campaign,
write the emails that I'm going to want
to put together to get your list to do
whatever. Then it's going to respond
with the specific emails using all the
information that it had in that
document. And again, if you have a
master prompt for your role, if you're
the head of marketing, then upload that
as well because it's going to use that
context. [music] The output, email
campaigns, ads, proposals are only going
to be as good as the information, the
context it has about your specific
situation. And projects let you isolate
it. The best part, if it's an ongoing
project, every chat you've had for
different pieces that you want it to
build will use that information to
actually perfect the response on future
chats within that project. The key
concept here is compounding context. The
more context that compounds, the better
the response are going to be. Now,
projects are great, but what if you want
to update your whole company's contacts?
Number five, update your custom
instructions to really blow up your
business with Chad GBT. Update your
company's custom instructions. Think of
your Chad GBT account like your
company's brain. And now you can set the
specific instructions for it to know and
use every time so that when it replies,
it uses that. To do this, you want to go
under your profile, click settings, and
then go under personalization. And
you'll see a little window say custom
instructions. This is where you want to
talk about the behavior, how it should
respond, the style, how you like
answers. If you like them short and
concise, that's mine. The tone and
preferences. Always respond to short,
concise, bulleted points. Always format
in asky. Always format in a structure I
can copy and paste. You can even say
respond in eighth grade language at all
times to be direct and avoid fluff. You
can tell it whatever you want it to do
forever. You set that at the account
level, your business level, so that it
answers that way every time. That'll
save your progress. Now, we have to
unblock the rest of your team with
custom creations. Number six, building
custom GPTs. This is where it gets fun.
Don't just prompt, productize your
prompts. Remember those system prompts
we talked about earlier? This is
actually how we turn it into a tool that
not only you use to do your work, you
can give to other people on your team so
they can do it for you. These custom
GPTs literally will save you hours. You
set them up, it takes minutes, and then
you never have to do this ever again. It
is the most powerful way to use Chad
GPT. The way my day looks is I'm always
trying to create new system prompts to
solve major problems inside my companies
like wherever the bottlenecks are and
then I lock that lesson into a custom
GPT. So for example, I love to read
books. I love to learn from other
people. Some people have never written
books on the topics I want to learn from
them. So what I did one day is I spent 2
hours creating a very advanced system
prompt that I could give it a name of a
person and a topic and it would write a
2,000word book outline. Sarah Blakeley
from Spanx on parenting. Here's a whole
book outline. My wife Renee Warren on
being unapologetic. Here's a whole book
outline. Gary Veaynerchuk on scaling a
media company book outline. Mr. Beast on
building a media department book
outline. It's wild. So, what happened is
I showed some friends the output and
they were like, "Oh, I want to use that.
I want to use that." And I was like,
"Oh, giving you the system prompt might
be a little too hard." So, I just took
that prompt, put it into a custom GPT,
grabbed the link, and I shared that.
That is a beautiful use of a custom GPT.
So, here's how you can set up a custom
GPT. And it's easy because you already
have all the ingredients. Number one, go
to Chad GBT, click GPTs, and in the top
right corner, you'll see create. So,
click that. Little fun fact, you can't
do it on the mobile app. So, what I do
on my mobile phone is I go to a browser,
and then you just kind of scroll over in
the browser on JBT and you can click
create from there. You just can't do it
from within the app today. Second thing
is you want to input the instructions.
This is the system prompt you created
earlier. You can put that in there.
Plus, if you want, you can upload the
master prompt with all the context by
clicking upload files under the
knowledge section. Then once you've
created it, you get a link and you can
set it to anyone or just the people that
have the link. And then you can share
with anyone to try it and use it. I do
sit here and preview those chats just to
make sure that it's doing what I think
it's doing. But once it's really locked
and loaded, I'll go and pilot it with a
smaller group of people to make sure it
works for them. Then I'll roll it out to
the rest of the company using Slack. The
more these custom GPT tools you build
within your company, the faster you can
grow, the less worry of are people doing
the right thing. You're able to let go
of areas of your business cuz you've
coded the behavior inside the system
prompt so you don't have to stress out.
As long as they're using the output and
they're not freestyling, they can't mess
it up. If you follow these Chad GBT
hacks, your business is guaranteed to
grow. Cuz Chad GBT isn't just like a
chatbot. It's essentially your creative
operating system. You use it as like
mission control to like figure out like
where am I stuck and how do I overcome
those problems? I call it becoming the
director. See, in the future when all
the problems that you need to solve are
no longer problems because you can get
the answer from GBT. Then the real skill
to develop is figuring out what problems
to work on. And to solve those, you have
to be a director, not a doer. Here's the
one thing I need you to do today. Go
create your master prompt. My vision is
for you to have 92% of all your work
done by AI so that you can spend the 8%
on your craft, your genius, cultivating,
curating, editing its output. [music]
You don't have to be involved in the
creation from scratch. And remember,
your system prompts are essentially your
new intellectual property. The more you
invest in them, the more you invest in
your team to learn AI and they create
these, when somebody goes to buy your
business, they're going to value at a
higher multiple because you have them.
So start today. And as a reminder, if
you want to access my internal AI
operating system that I use in all areas
of my business, including the master
prompts for every role and the prompts
you can use to implement AI into every
department, just click the first link in
the description below or just scan the
QR code and I'll send it right over. And
if you want to learn about the 15 AI
tools I'm using in all of my companies
today, click the video and I'll see you
on the other